tutorial improvements (#73)
Knotx/knotx-website: src/render/tutorials/caching-http-requests/2_0.html.md

Then we have `knotx` service specification. It's very similar to the previous one, so only one property is worth explaining. 
- `command` - this property is used to specify Knot.x starting commands.

> Second container running in our stack will be a container started from `rodolpheche/wiremock`. We will be using Wiremock's [response templating](http://wiremock.org/docs/response-templating/) feature, so the container must be started with appropriate configuration as seen above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `webapi` service is the second piece of our environment. It is a flexible API mocking tool, called Wiremock, that serves preconfigured responses for matched requests (based on path and method). It is our target `/product/id` API.
We extend the `rodolpheche/wiremock` image with Wiremock's [response templating](http://wiremock.org/docs/response-templating/) feature. So before we configure the target API behaviour, we need to configure this feature first. So the service must be started with appropriate configuration as seen above.
```

Author: done

$ docker swarm init
$ docker stack deploy -c api-cache.yml api-cache
```

> After successful execution you should be able to see http response at [`localhost:3000/product/id`](localhost:3000/product/id). This is te response served by Wiremock. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful deployment, when opening the URL [`localhost:3000/product/id`](localhost:3000/product/id), you should receive the HTTP 200 response served by Wiremock.
```

Author: done

Now if you invoke Knot.x at [`localhost:8092/product/id`](localhost:8092/product/id) and refresh it a few times, you can see that neither the timestamp nor the random string in the JSON response changes - we have successfully cached external API response!

```

> > curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/product/id

Reviewer: Maybe lets move those responses before:
> No if...

Author: done

{
  "id": 21762532,
  "url": "http://knotx.io",
  "label": "Product",
  "currentTime": "2019-10-29 13:57:51",
  "promoCode": "1tpm41"
}
> curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/product/id
{
  "id": 21762532,
  "url": "http://knotx.io",
  "label": "Product",
  "currentTime": "2019-10-29 13:57:57",
  "promoCode": "ymhvkg"
}

> > curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/product/id

Reviewer: Two examples are enough.

Author: done

{
  "id": 21762532,
  "url": "http://knotx.io",
  "label": "Product",
  "currentTime": "2019-10-29 13:57:58",
  "promoCode": "8a0hor"
}

> curl -X GET http://localhost:8092/product/id
{
  "id" : 21762532,
  "url" : "http://knotx.io",
  "label" : "Product",
  "currentTime" : "2019-10-29 13:58:09",
  "promoCode" : "y8v7u2"
}
> curl -X GET http://localhost:8092/product/id
{
  "id" : 21762532,
  "url" : "http://knotx.io",
  "label" : "Product",
  "currentTime" : "2019-10-29 13:58:09",
  "promoCode" : "y8v7u2"
}

> > curl -X GET http://localhost:8092/product/id

Reviewer: Two examples are enough.

Author: done
